diff golden [PRETTIFIED] actual [PRETTIFIED]
--- golden [PRETTIFIED]
+++ actual [PRETTIFIED]
@@ -18,7 +18,7 @@
     <field name="unitdate_inclusive_teim">1966-2000</field>
     <field name="scopecontent_teim">The Andrea Callard Papers contain materials relating to Callard's career as an artist and art educator as well as her involvement in the artist organizations, most notably Colab. Material types include art works, such as drawings and paintings; media, such as audiocassettes, super 8mm film, and vinyl records; publicity materials, including posters and event post-cards; as well as journals, correspondence and financial administrative files. The bulk of the materials fall within the years 1973-1990 however dates range from 1968-2000.</field>
     <field name="scopecontent_teim">Series I: Colab contains materials relating to Collaborative Projects, Inc (Colab). The group initially took the name the Green Corporation but soon changed to Collaborative Projects, Inc. The organization emerged out of a dual desire to use group activity as a means of creating energized art works and a dynamic art community. Secondly, the organization attempted to mimic the structure of a corporation in an attempt to gain credibility and obtain state and federal funding for redistribution among members. Members of the organization included Coleen Fitzgibbon, Charlie Ahearn, John Ahearn, Robin Winters, Tom Otterness, Fred Krughoff, Alan Moore, Ulli Rimius, and Jane Dickson among many others. Andrea Callard served as Secretary of the organization from 1978-1980.</field>
-    <field name="scopecontent_teim">Subseries A: Administrative materials includes Andrea Callard's secretarial notebook, materials relating to the group's conception, organization and functioning, meeting notes and announcements as well as financial information. Colab's grant application materials for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and New York State Councilon the Arts (NYSCA) appear in this subseries. Materials are organized with Callard's secretarial notebook first followed by all other administrative materials in chronological order. Undated materials appear at the end of the subseries.Subseries B: Colab Shows and Events contains photographs, publicity materials, and slides relating to Colab shows. This series includes materials relating to the following Colab exhibitions:The Manifesto ShowThe Batman Show The Income and Wealth Show The Murder, Suicide and Junk ShowThe Doctors and Dentists Show The Dog Show The Real Estate ShowThe Times Square ShowAnimals Living in Cities ShowThe Mural America ShowThe Williamsburg Bridge Sculpture ShowColab Hits the Ritz show </field>
+    <field name="scopecontent_teim">Subseries A: Administrative materials includes Andrea Callard's secretarial notebook, materials relating to the group's conception, organization and functioning, meeting notes and announcements as well as financial information. Colab's grant application materials for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and New York State Councilon the Arts (NYSCA) appear in this subseries. Materials are organized with Callard's secretarial notebook first followed by all other administrative materials in chronological order. Undated materials appear at the end of the subseries.Subseries B: Colab Shows and Events contains photographs, publicity materials, and slides relating to Colab shows. This series includes materials relating to the following Colab exhibitions:The Manifesto ShowThe Batman Show The Income and Wealth Show The Murder, Suicide and Junk ShowThe Doctors and Dentists Show The Dog Show The Real Estate ShowThe Times Square ShowAnimals Living in Cities ShowThe Mural America ShowThe Williamsburg Bridge Sculpture ShowColab Hits the Ritz show</field>
     <field name="scopecontent_teim">Additionally, the subseries in Series I contain documentation of other projects including Colab's television programs such as Potato Wolf, as well as A. More Store, Colab's 1982 summer institute, the Talk Is Cheap street poster projectand the photo postcard project. Notable artists include Kiki Smith, Jenny Holzer, Jane Dickson, Tom Otterness, Charlie Ahearn, John Ahearn, Robin Winters, Coleen Fitzgibbon, SAMO, and Keith Haring as well as Andrea Callard. Additionally, this series includes materials relating to Colab's use of QWIP technology for collaborative art projects. The QWIP was an early type of closed-network fax machine that utilized carbon paper. Exxon developed QWIP technology and Liza Bear procured the machines for Colab's use. The subseries contains original QWIPs created by the group.</field>
     <field name="scopecontent_teim">Series II: Andrea Callard Artist Files contain materials related to Callard's art career. The material covers the time period 1950-2000, and is organized into seven subseries. Time and place figure prominently in the organization of this series because Callard grouped her files chronogically and according to where she was living at different periods of her life.</field>
     <field name="scopecontent_teim">Subseries A: 1950-1973 includes materials dated before 1973 such as items relating to her undergraduate work at the San Francisco Art Institute.Subseries B: 1973-1976, 150 Chambers St. reflect Callard's early years in New York City at 150 Chambers St. Artists Daisy Youngblood, Joe Haske, Robert Israel and Cara Perlman also lived in this building. Projects associated with this time period include the Queen of Siberia 10 cent cookbook, Red Anger Association, "A Dressing Wall" works, and a large quantity of black and white photography. Materials with specific years appear at the beginning of this subseries in chronological order. Materials designated "150 Chambers St" or "1973-1976" but without a specific date are grouped at the end of the subseries.Subseries C: 1976-1978, 40 Lispenard St. includes art works from Callard's first three years in her loft on the top floor of 40 Lispenard Street. Callard, Cara Perlman and Bernice Rubin secured a net lease for the upper three floors of this building in 1976 and renovated the building. The series contains work related to Callard's "City Canoe Trip", Transportation Incidents postcard multiples, Continental Drift, the film "Standard Adult Wheelchair". This subseries also includes work related to Callard's 1978 residency at the Cummington, Massachusetts Community for the Arts, the Ailanthus project, as well as her contributions to Colab's Dog Show and the Batman show.Subseries D: 1979-1981, 40 Lispenard St. includes materials relating to Callard's art career such as her contributions to the Custom and Culture II show, Colab's Animals Living in the City and the Times Square Show as well as Callard's work with Bonnie O'Neill at Site, Cite, Sight in San Francisco. This series also includes work from Callard's ongoing Ailanthus project.Subseries E: 1982-1986, 40 Lispenard St. again contains art files related to Andrea Callard's professional career including her contribution in the NYC Wildlife Museum, Inside/Out garden signs at the Bronx River Art Center as well as Colab's Talk is Cheap street posters and photo postcard project. Additionally, the series contains materials relating to her film "Pus Factory" and her work on "Freckled Rice" by Steve Ning, and "Everglades City" by Matthew Geller.Subseries F: 1987-1989, 40 Lispenard St. this subseries includes materials relating to Callard's art career particularly her collaboration with Sam Sue on the installation "The Tenement: Place of Survival, Object of Reform." This work appeared at the Chinatown History Project in 1988 and as part of the DIA Art Foundation "If you lived here" exhibition in 1989.Subseries G: 1990-2000, 40 Lispenard St. contains materials relating to Callard's art career. Most notably, the series includes work relating to her "Home Turf" window at Art in General and her exhibition at the Storefront for Art and Architecture. The subseries also includes black and white contact sheets and negatives as well as materials relating to collaborative works during this timeperiod.Subseries H: Art Education contains materials relating to Callard's work as an art teacher such as student letters, photographs and press clippings from artist in residency programs in as well as teaching opportunities in New York City.Subseries I: Miscellaneous includes undated materials. Contact sheets and negatives taken by Andrea Callard compose the majority of this subseries, however the subseries also contains journals, planning notes, drawings and small projects.</field>
