diff golden [PRETTIFIED] actual [PRETTIFIED]
--- golden [PRETTIFIED]
+++ actual [PRETTIFIED]
@@ -20,8 +20,8 @@
     <field name="unitdate_normal_sim">1970/1979</field>
     <field name="unitdate_bulk_teim">1970-1979</field>
     <field name="unitdate_inclusive_teim">1928-1998</field>
-    <field name="scopecontent_teim">The United Federation of Teachers Photographs contain roughly 38,800 black and white (mostly 8x10) prints and a small number of negatives documenting United Federation of Teachers (UFT) members, events, the work of teaching, and political activity of the union as well as other unions, dating from 1928 to 1988.  Most of these photographs are from the photograph files of the New York Teacher, the newspaper of New York State United Teachers (NYSUT), and most date from the 1970s and 1980s. The largest single portion of the collection is devoted to individual officers and members of the UFT and of NYSUT, particularly Albert Shanker, UFT president from 1964 to 1986. Also documented are the activities and meetings of UFT chapters (including those for non-teacher school employees), NYSUT affiliates, and teachers associations; schools, students, and teachers (particularly in New York City); dinners, luncheons, award ceremonies, scholarship presentations, dedications, memorial services, and check presentations; as well as holidays and other dedicated days and weeks that mark the regular rhythm of organizational life and punctuate the school year. The collection also contains images depicting professional development via training and workshops, the American Federation of Teachers, other teacher unions, and the UFT/NYSUT's relationship to New York City and state politics and politicians. In addition, a small but significant portion of the collection reflects New York City's fiscal crisis of the 1970s and the rising consciousness of ethnic identity among students, teachers, and parents, as well as related episodes of conflict in the New York City school system, such as the Ocean Hill-Brownsville crisis.  The collection also offers some visual documentation for two of the UFT's predecessor unions, the Teachers' Union and the Teachers' Guild.</field>
-    <field name="scopecontent_teim">While images shot by many different photographers may be seen throughout the collection, the work of Hans Weissenstein (aka Whitestone Studios), Sam Reiss, and Dan Miller is particularly well-represented.  The basic unit of the collection, as described in the container list, is a shoot, e.g., a photograph or a group of photographs shot by one or more photographers of one event, usually, but not always, on the same day. The container list represents a complete list of these shoots, arranged into subseries and sub-subseries, which are arranged chronologically (with undated shoots following dated materials), unless otherwise noted. Each entry includes a date (usually of the event, but occasionally of the issue in which the image was published), if known, and a shoot description derived from the original caption information. The same shoot may be (and often is) shown in two different subseries when its subject content falls into more than one category.</field>
+    <field name="scopecontent_teim">The United Federation of Teachers Photographs contain roughly 38,800 black and white (mostly 8x10) prints and a small number of negatives documenting United Federation of Teachers (UFT) members, events, the work of teaching, and political activity of the union as well as other unions, dating from 1928 to 1988. Most of these photographs are from the photograph files of the New York Teacher, the newspaper of New York State United Teachers (NYSUT), and most date from the 1970s and 1980s. The largest single portion of the collection is devoted to individual officers and members of the UFT and of NYSUT, particularly Albert Shanker, UFT president from 1964 to 1986. Also documented are the activities and meetings of UFT chapters (including those for non-teacher school employees), NYSUT affiliates, and teachers associations; schools, students, and teachers (particularly in New York City); dinners, luncheons, award ceremonies, scholarship presentations, dedications, memorial services, and check presentations; as well as holidays and other dedicated days and weeks that mark the regular rhythm of organizational life and punctuate the school year. The collection also contains images depicting professional development via training and workshops, the American Federation of Teachers, other teacher unions, and the UFT/NYSUT's relationship to New York City and state politics and politicians. In addition, a small but significant portion of the collection reflects New York City's fiscal crisis of the 1970s and the rising consciousness of ethnic identity among students, teachers, and parents, as well as related episodes of conflict in the New York City school system, such as the Ocean Hill-Brownsville crisis. The collection also offers some visual documentation for two of the UFT's predecessor unions, the Teachers' Union and the Teachers' Guild.</field>
+    <field name="scopecontent_teim">While images shot by many different photographers may be seen throughout the collection, the work of Hans Weissenstein (aka Whitestone Studios), Sam Reiss, and Dan Miller is particularly well-represented. The basic unit of the collection, as described in the container list, is a shoot, e.g., a photograph or a group of photographs shot by one or more photographers of one event, usually, but not always, on the same day. The container list represents a complete list of these shoots, arranged into subseries and sub-subseries, which are arranged chronologically (with undated shoots following dated materials), unless otherwise noted. Each entry includes a date (usually of the event, but occasionally of the issue in which the image was published), if known, and a shoot description derived from the original caption information. The same shoot may be (and often is) shown in two different subseries when its subject content falls into more than one category.</field>
     <field name="bioghist_teim">The United Federation of Teachers (UFT) was formed in March 1960. The UFT immediately began its campaign to gain collective bargaining rights and won a promise from the New York City School Board of a collective bargaining election in the 1960-1961 school year. When the Board failed to honor its pledge, a one-day work stoppage and broad support from other unions forced the issue. The election, in which the National Education Association (NEA) and the Teachers' Union stood in opposition to the UFT, was held in December 1961; the UFT won. Teachers swelled the ranks of the new union, and soon specialized chapters were created to accommodate other categories of school employees (for example, laboratory technicians, school secretaries, psychologists, guidance counselors, and para-professionals) who became part of the UFT. When UFT's president, Charles Cogen, was elected president of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT), in 1964, he was succeeded by Albert Shanker, who served as president of the UFT from 1964 until 1986. Albert Shanker's tenure coincided with some of the most challenging times for New York City schools, in an era characterized by rapidly changing demographics, racial conflict, demands from parents and community-based groups, overcrowded and dilapidated buildings, teacher shortages and citywide fiscal crises.</field>
     <field name="bioghist_teim">By the mid-1960s the UFT had more than 50,000 members and was the largest local union in the AFL-CIO. The union responded to changing conditions in the schools by backing the More Effective Schools program, aimed at improving teaching methods in underachieving schools, and other innovative programs. But by September 1967, when contract negotiations with the Board of Education broke down, the teachers were driven to strike to achieve an increase in wages and benefits. In the wake of the strike the union was fined and Shanker sentenced to fifteen days in prison for violation of the state's Taylor Law, banning strikes by public employees. Earlier in the year the city had agreed to implement a school decentralization plan in exchange for increased state funding. The plan, which created three experimental school districts in East Harlem, the Lower East Side of Manhattan and Ocean Hill-Brownsville in Brooklyn, was greeted with enthusiasm by African-American and Latino parents who hoped for a greater voice in their children's education. The UFT, on the other hand, feared that community control of schools would undermine teachers' hard-won rights and weaken the union's bargaining power. Bitter conflict ensued, resulting first in a walk-out of 350 teachers in Ocean Hill-Brownsville and, in September 1968, a citywide teachers strike. Albert Shanker was again sentenced to jail for leading the strike. An uneasy settlement, involving a state-appointed trustee in Ocean Hill-Brownsville and reinstatement of displaced teachers, left a legacy of distrust between the union and some community activists and scarred race relations in the city for many years.</field>
     <field name="bioghist_teim">In 1972 Shanker was a central figure in negotiating the merger of the AFT and the National Education Association (NEA) in New York State. The resulting organization, New York State United Teachers, brought more than 100,000 upstate teachers into the labor movement and was a rare example of close and amicable cooperation between the two major national organizations representing teachers. In 1974 Shanker was elected president of the American Federation of Teachers. Retaining his position as UFT president for some years, he went on to play a key role in re-establishing the city's fiscal stability after the fiscal crisis of the mid-1970s. He was succeeded as president of the UFT by Sandra Feldman in 1986, and died after a long struggle with cancer in 1997.</field>
